this videos how to do the cam chain
tensioner and putting it on correctly as
you can tell this is my 2006 g6 our 600
engine and I have put it taking it out
because I did have a leak on right here
with the tension it goes
I suppose I have some kind of gasket
didn't have one I'm going to make one
right now is probably at a silicone in
any way you do take off your brackets
both sides in front you will have these
camshafts the Dynamo correct we've got
to have the three on the intake side up
arrow very straight in the second on the
exhaust arrows way to point up count
from the chain 12 point 12 pins from the
three arrow down to your right hand side
to the two arrow up correctly there
should be 12 pins from my hair to here
also you want to make sure that when
you're doing this to make sure that your
your timing marks are correctly timed in
right if not your Pistons will be
hitting in your vows we will not be able
to fire your engine so make sure that
you do have it correctly tying down the
marks you see this little tab that's
right here this tab has to line up with
that line just just like that lines off
probably about it maybe half or two
toward mania to is not a very big deal
probably cuz the angle have much phone
anyway make sure you want to have all
the slack on this side as you drop in a
chain mix because all this inch is going
to push the chain slack through here
make sure that when you're doing this
the autoslide back here it's all tight
there's no slack make sure when you do
this right here and make sure all the
slack is on this side when you put on
the tension snare you want to make sure
that you can actually push this thing
right here all the way through when you
get that all the Rings come correctly
you can't you change should be kind of
very tight and that's how you do to tear
time